['original label', 'classifier-assigned label', 'text']



['entertainment', 'politics', 'franz man seeks government help franz ferdinand frontman alex kapranos has called for more government help for musicians  while taking part in an edinburgh lectures discussion.   for any cultural output to thrive there needs to be some kind of state input to that as well   he said. but kapranos warned against musicians being too closely linked with mps  at the university of edinburgh event.  i think the role of musicians is to question politicians rather than to go to bed with them   he said.  kapranos joined the prestigious lecture series to discuss scotland s role in making 21st century music.  there are elements of our musical output which require sustenance because they aren t self-sufficient   he said.  but so-called commercial music would benefit from investment as well.  he warned musicians against being allied to a particular party  however.  i don t know if having tea with politicians is always a good idea.   kapranos and his glasgow four-piece band have been nominated for five prizes at next week s brit awards  including best group and best album. their self-titled debut album won last year s mercury music prize and spawned three top 20 singles. he told the 300-strong audience at the university s reid hall that musicians should listen to a wide range of music and should not be restricted by stereotypes.  we say  i like this . because i listen to nirvana and korn i am a troubled individual  i m riddled with angst because i listen to chopin and debussy  i listen to kylie minogue and scissor sisters because i m upbeat and i like to party  i listen to wagner because i like the smell of napalm in the morning.  kapranos said there was a general  hostility  towards classical music  adding:  there is very little done to break that hostility other than classic fm.   he concluded:  we define ourselves as a nation by the way we encourage our creativity.  fellow speaker and classical composer james macmillan agreed:  we need to rediscover our ability to listen.  previous speakers at the edinburgh lectures series have included former soviet leader mikhail gorbachev and author professor stephen hawking. kapranos described his appearance on wednesday as  more daunting by a long way  than their upcoming brits performance.  i don t really care about the brits   he said.  it s going to be great to go down but i have actually had to exercise part of my brain tonight.   i think the government should do more to help up-and-coming artists be discovered by scrapping the entertainment licences for live venues. also they should do more to help independent record labels have a louder voice within an industry dominated by commercialised major labels.  rather than expecting the government - i.e. the taxpayer - to fork out  why don t some of the megastars put something back in  some of britain s wealthiest people are musicians who have raked it in from albums  concerts etc. there are far more important demands on government funds.  if they can fund football  why not fund music   areas of the arts are funded by government and lottery grants  so why not music  we already have the opera receiving huge grants and it would clearly be beneficial for diversity in music to have the same opportunities in other areas of the music. the only problem would be how to judge what merits state cash.  the government has enough problems funding schools and health services. if alex kapranos genuinely thinks a multi-billion pound industry should also have government funding then his own education was seriously lacking and more money should be put into that.  as a scot living in england  i appreciate the value of scottish music and culture being a success  so i can see no problem with it! franz ferdinand  travis and snow patrol are just recent examples of the success scottish music can have in the world  so we should do what we scots are good at and support our own goods!  i think the issue is more fundamental: should the government be spending money on subsidising a multi-million pound industry when health and education are in such a sorry state  the answer is most definitely no. those people who are lucky enough to pursue their passion to get their pay cheque shouldn t be looking for government subsidies. i know that if i was lucky enough to be able to pursue my dream of show jumping i would want to finance myself until i was in a position to pursue corporate sponsorship.  yes the government should fund music - it brings joy to the masses.  there are already thousands of state-funded musicians out there sitting around  twiddling their thumbs on the  new deal . getting the government even more involved would only waste money that could be put to better use.  as long as the government was funding real talent it would be a great move. i would hate to see more pop idol-type funding of music though  as it would only serve to reinforce the stereotypes that alex talked about.  only if the proposals make financial sense. franz ferdinand must be paying serious amounts of tax on their record sales - if they d had a government grant to get started they d have more than paid it back by now  so the treasury would be making far more than it paid out. however  the government has better things to spend its money on than to give charity to everyone who decides they re a musician. the government shouldn t  fund  music - it should  invest  in music and those investments should be treated like any other investment.  i think the government needs to provide facilities and for young groups and bands to form and practise. the equipment is not cheap and can be well beyond the means of many people. however  i do feel this should be the extent of their role  to provide the conditions for the talent to flourish and let it go from there.  i do agree that the government should help to fund music but there is also a responsibility held by record companies! they generally always opt for the tried and tested and tend not to want to break any moulds or risk losing any money which ultimately  the directors are in the business for! if labels were more willing to put money forward towards smaller breakthrough acts then the government wouldn t have to fork out a great deal.  yeah  why not  music should be government funded  particularly the work of modern composers and veteran bands/artists and stuff. pop music pretty much rules the earth  so more attention should go to the other fraternities  i agree with funding the arts to make it more accessible to the public but i am not convinced that pop music requires financial support from the taxpayer. there is a great deal of money generated through pop music - perhaps a tax on pop could be ploughed into the public performance of other forms of music for everyone to enjoy. perhaps we could financially penalise really bad pop idol-style music - that is  the music industry sector without any artistic merit or originality whatsoever and that which is specifically designed to line the pockets of music producers. call it a tax on music  pollution   if you like.  though i really like franz ferdinand  i have to disagree with mr kapranos. once government gets their hand into the private sector  it will destroy the creative and possibly controversial avenues the artist pursues. many years ago  this was the case with the us nea  when the government started to question what was considered art for the money they were allotting. the solution mr kapranos should pursue would be privately-funded organizations  like save the music in the us.']



['politics', 'entertainment', 'mp s shock at long lost daughter labour mp stephen pound has told of his shock and his joy on learning he fathered a daughter when he was  out of control  during the  wild  1960s.  lucy  36  tracked down mr pound after her birth mother told her he was known as  precious  at school. despite being told he was a  nutter who died at sea  she found a reference to mr pound on friends reunited. lucy s mother kept her pregnancy secret and had her adopted at four weeks. mr pound found out about it last year. that happened when lucy wrote to his parliamentary office saying she believed he was her father.  mr pound  who is now married with two other teenage children  said:  i was a nutter and i was a sailor but i wasn t dead.  he said his first reaction was to wonder if he was victim of a  set-up  but he then realised all the dates fitted.  it was a pretty horrible thing with a pretty happy ending. i felt guilt in the marrow of my bones   said the ealing north mp.  i don t blame lucy s mother. i was pretty much out of control. i was 18 when she was conceived. it was a different time - it was pretty wild.   mr pound says he rang lucy as soon as he got her letter  they met up and have been in contact ever since. describing that first meeting at london s king cross station  he said:  the earth went from under my feet ... we were walking across the euston road and i took her arm to take her across and there was an immediate connection.  we were finishing each other sentences.  lucy  who was adopted by a family from essex  wants to remain anonymous for the sake of her adoptive father and her children. mr pound said his wife maggie had been fully supportive and their two children emily  16  and pelham  14 were pleased to have an older sister.']



['business', 'politics', 'pension hitch for long-living men male life expectancy is much higher than originally estimated  leading pension researchers have said.  the pensions policy institute (ppi) said life expectancy for unskilled and professional men has been understated. life expectancy at birth is 71 years for a manual worker and 79 years for a professional - a gap of eight years. but if measured at age 65 instead  the ppi said  a manual worker will live to 81 years and a professional worker to 86 years - a gap of just five years. the ppi s estimate is higher because it excludes people who have died before they reach 65 years of age and also takes into account ongoing improvements in life expectancy.  the government has ruled out raising the state pension age  because it says it would penalise lower-skilled workers who generally have lower life expectancies. chris curry  ppi research director  said its calculations suggested there could be more pressure on state pension spending than originally envisaged.  even people in social class v [unskilled manual workers] who are widely likely to have the lowest life expectancy can still expect to live 16 years after state pension age   he said. researchers have not updated life expectancy projections for women  who on average live longer than men.']



['politics', 'business', 'eu fraud clampdown urged eu member states are failing to report fraud and irregularities in eu funds on a consistent basis  the uk s public spending watchdog has said.  the national audit office said although the latest figures showed reported fraud was falling  the eu still had no common definition of fraud. it also expressed concern that  for the 10th year  the european court of auditors had qualified the eu accounts. the nao urged the government to push for improvements in reporting fraud. it said member states needed to be more accountable on how money was spent. the report said:  member states still do not report fraud and other irregularities to the european anti-fraud office on a consistent basis.   as the court has now qualified its opinion on the community accounts for a decade  it is essential for all the authorities involved to contribute to the strengthening of the audit of eu revenue and expenditure and improving accountability for the financial management and use of eu resources.  it said there were 922 cases of reported fraud or irregularities in eu funds in the uk in 2003  worth £38.5m (52m euros)  up from 831 cases worth £35.7m in 2002. at the same time  reported fraud throughout the eu dropped from 10 276 cases worth £808m to 8 177 cases worth £644m. edward leigh  chairman of the commons public accounts committee  said britain had to set an example when it assumed the eu presidency.   any fraud in other member states is potentially fraud against the uk taxpayer  given that we are the second largest net contributor to the community   he said.  departments responsible for administering eu funds need to make sure that they re doing everything possible to weed out improper spending.  the government must take the opportunity afforded by the uk presidency of the eu to press the commission and other member states to take an equally robust stance against fraud and irregularity  and raise overall standards of financial management.  a spokesman for the european anti-fraud office said the organisation agreed with the nao s assessment of fraud reporting.  the quality of reporting does differ from member state to member state  and there is room for improvement   spokesman jorg wojahn said. he added that there is generally good co-operation with member states and the anti-fraud office on specific cases of fraud  with the statistics studied by nao providing a  good overview for planning strategic ways of detecting fraud .']



['entertainment', 'politics', 'media seek jackson  juror  notes reporters covering singer michael jackson s trial in california have asked to see questionnaires completed by potential jurors.  lawyers for news organisations said it was  really vital  for the responses of 250 potential jurors to be made public  to serve as a check on the process . santa barbara county superior court is due to consider the request on monday. mr jackson denies child molestation. it is estimated his trial will cost santa barbara county up to $4m (£2.13m).  meanwhile michael jackson s mother has said she is  100% certain  her son did not commit the child abuse charges he faces. the court is currently selecting 12 jurors and eight stand-by jurors for the trial  a process delayed until at least thursday after a member of the star s legal team was hit by family illness. defence lawyers argued against the bid by associated press and other news organisations to have potential jurors  responses made public.   the release of the completed jury questionnaires does not serve any purpose other than to add to the sensationalist coverage of this case   a motion by mr jackson s lawyers stated. the estimated total costs of the trial  expected to last five months  range from $2.5m (£1.33m) to $4m (£2.13m) of local taxpayers  money. those estimates do not include costs to the city of santa maria  the superior court or for the investigation and prosecution of the case. the cost of security and other needs around the courthouse has been estimated at $40 000 (£21 000) per day  said jason stilwell  a special projects manager at the county administrator s office.  mr jackson  46  denies plying a boy with alcohol and molesting him. his mother katherine jackson told us tv network fox news on sunday that her pop star son told her he was innocent.  i believe that for one reason - i know his character   she said.  he loves children. you don t molest anything that you love.  describing mr jackson as  a good person   the mother-of-nine said she feared he would not be given a fair trial.  i can t sleep thinking about what these wicked people might try to do to him   she said.']



['business', 'tech', 'gsk aims to stop aids profiteers one of the world s largest manufacturers of hiv/aids drugs has launched an initiative to combat the smuggling of cheaper pills - supplied to poorer african countries - back into europe for resale at far higher price.  the company  glaxosmithkline  is to alter the packaging and change the colour of the pills  currently provided to developing nations under a humanitarian agreement. it is estimated that drugs companies are losing hundreds of millions of dollars each year as a result of the diversion of their products in this way. this is a very sensitive area for the big drugs companies. they want to maintain their profits  but have been put under tremendous pressure to provide cheap anti-aids drugs to the world s poorest nations.  the result is that drugs supplied to africa are now more than thirty times cheaper than those sold in europe; bringing these medicines within the reach of millions of hiv-positive africans through their government s health care systems.  but the wide difference in price also means that there are big gains to be made from illegally diverting these cheaper drugs back into wealthier countries and re-selling them at a higher price. glaxosmithkline believes that by coating the pills destined for africa in a red dye and adding new identification codes both onto the pills and on the packaging  then this trade can be substantially reduced. the company says that it will then be possible to identify specific distributors in africa who have re-sold humanitarian drugs for profit  as well as those suppliers in europe that have also been involved in the trade. glaxo says distribution of the new-look drugs has already begun and that their chemical content is identical to those currently being sold in europe.']



['entertainment', 'tech', 'csi shows give  unrealistic view  people have unrealistic expectations of forensic science thanks to the success of the csi tv shows  real experts say.  evidence submitted to forensic labs has shot up as a result of the programmes  at a time when many have large backlogs  science investigators claim. lawyers also fear the effect because jurors have a distorted view of how forensic evidence is used. the issue was discussed at a major science conference in washington dc. crime scene investigation (csi) and its spin-offs  csi: miami and csi: new york  have proven exceptionally popular with audiences on both sides of the atlantic.  each episode  a team of forensic investigators goes about solving a crime through the ingenious appliance of science - and the extensive resources at their disposal.  the csi effect is basically the perception of the near-infallibility of forensic science in response to the tv show   said max houck  who runs a forensic science graduate course at west virginia university  us.  this tv show comes on and everyone starts watching it - including the cops and prosecutors - and submissions to forensic laboratories go through the roof   he told the annual meeting of the american association for the advancement of science (aaas). the american forensics expert said there were roughly 200 000-300 000 backlogged dna samples in us labs. yet these constituted just 10% of the total test backlog  said dr houck. forensic pathologist dr patricia mcfeeley said she had started to see the show s influence in dealing with the families of victims.  what i find is that families now are more dissatisfied with the investigation than was previously the case   she explained.  for example  on television  the toxicology results are available almost instantaneously. but when people find out that it can take several months  they can find that very difficult.   dr mcfeeley added that the accuracy with which forensic investigators can determine time of death was far lower than most people s perceptions. the show s influence can follow forensic investigators all the way into the courtroom  making lawyers jittery.  prosecutors fear the csi effect with juries because  for example  they wonder:  why wasn t everything tested   well  in fact  not everything needs to be tested   dr houck explained.  defence attorneys also worry about the csi effect because they think that jurors come in and have this view of science as a juggernaut; this objective method that s always accurate.  however  he admitted the show had had positive as well as negative effects on the field.  my university course started with four graduates in 1999; we re now the largest major on campus - with 400 students   he said. dr houck added that there was an urgent need for better funding of forensic science at the university level:  there s more money spent in this country on holistic medicine than there is on forensic science research.']



['entertainment', 'business', 'uk s national gallery in the pink the national gallery  home to some of the uk s greatest artworks  has seen a big jump in visitor numbers.  five million visitors made the london gallery - which houses treasures like raphael s madonna of the pinks - the uk s most visited museum in 2004. it recorded a 13.8% rise in numbers and was the country s second most visited tourist attraction  behind blackpool pleasure beach. charles saumarez smith  the gallery s director  said he was  delighted . he said the number of visitors through the doors had boosted figures to pre-11 september 2001 levels. mr saumarez smith added that the pedestrianisation of trafalgar square  where the gallery is located  and strong temporary collections throughout 2004 had led to the strong performance.   our 2004 exhibition programme of el greco  russian landscape in the age of tolstoy and raphael: from urbino to rome was particularly strong and exceeded all targets   he said.  the exceptional quality of the paintings in our permanent collection is also huge draw for the public.  the expectations of today s visitors are higher than ever and we have kept pace with their demands.  mr saumarez smith said he was confident the gallery could maintain the attendance.  with important exhibitions of the work of caravaggio  stubbs and rubens in place for 2005  i am confident that the gallery is set for another highly successful year   he added. the figures were prepared by the association of leading visitor attractions (alva).  it found that the figures had been boosted by an increase in europeans travelling to the uk on budget airlines. popular cultural tourist spots such as the tate modern and the natural history museum all recorded increases of more than 10% in visitor numbers compared with 2003. but for legal or confidentiality reasons some alva members did not submit figures for 2004  including buckingham palace  windsor castle  madame tussauds and alton towers. alva director robin broke said:  visits from western europe were up by 10% and from north america by some 9% compared to 2003  while numbers from the rest of the world rose 20%.  european figures were helped by the rapid growth of low-cost flights to britain from europe  especially from new eu countries.']



['sport', 'politics', 'calder fears for scottish rugby former scotland international finlay calder fears civil war at the sru could seriously hamper his country s rbs six nations campaign.  four members of the executive board  including the chairman  david mackay  have resigned after a simmering row. and calder said:  this is terrible news for every level of scottish rugby.  david is a successful businessman and i thought that if anybody could transform the negative atmosphere and rising debt level  it was him.  mackay s executive board has been in a power struggle with the general committee  which contains members elected by scotland s club sides.  he has been driven out by people who seem happier waging civil war than addressing the central issue that professional rugby can t be run by amateurs   said calder.   in fact  i don t understand why we are still having this argument 10 years after professionalism arrived.  but i don t believe the rest of the sru will take this lying down.  i think the banks will be dismayed at this decision and  ultimately  it is them who pull the strings.  so i wouldn t be surprised if they reviewed their position. but  in the wider picture  what message does this send out   he thought the work of scotland s coaches  who have been attempting to arrest the decline of the national side  would be made much more difficult.  matt williams and willie anderson must be wondering   what have we walked into here    said calder.  and we can now expect weeks of arguments and acrimony just at a time when we should be looking forward to the six nations championship.  i am very  very disappointed  more than you can imagine. why do so many scots have this knack of turning on each other when the going gets tough']



['business', 'politics', 'golden rule  intact  says ex-aide chancellor gordon brown will meet his golden economic rule  with a margin to spare   according to his former chief economic adviser.  formerly one of mr brown s closest treasury aides  ed balls hinted at a budget giveaway on 16 march. he said he hoped more would be done to build on current tax credit rules. any rate rise ahead of an expected may election would not affect the labour party s chances of winning  he added. last july  mr balls won the right to step down from his treasury position and run for parliament  defending the labour stronghold of normanton in west yorkshire.  mr balls rejected the allegation that mr brown had been sidelined in the election campaign  saying he was playing a  different  role to the one he played in the last two elections. he rejected speculation that mr brown was considering becoming foreign secretary  saying his recent travels had been linked to efforts to boost international development. gordon brown s decision to announce the date of the budget while on a trip to china was a  sensible thing to do   since he was talking about skills and investment at the time  mr balls told the bbc. commenting on speculation of an interest rate rise  he said it was not within the remit of the bank of england s monetary policy committee (mpc) to factor a potential election into its rate decisions. expectations of a rate rise have gathered pace after figures showed that house prices are still rising. consumer borrowing rose at a near-record pace in january.  i don t believe it would be a big election issue in britain or a problem for labour   mr balls said. prime minister tony blair has yet to name the date of the election  but most pundits are betting on 5 may as the likely day.']



['entertainment', 'tech', 'wal-mart is sued over rude lyrics the parents of a 13-year-old girl are suing us supermarket giant wal-mart over a cd by rock group evanescence that contains swear words.  the lawsuit  filed in washington county  alleges wal-mart deceived customers by not putting warning labels on the cover. trevin skeens alleges wal-mart knew of the offending word because it had censored it on its music sales website. wal-mart said it was investigating the claims but had no plans to pull the cd. wal-mart has a policy of not stocking cds which carry parental advisory labels. mr skeens said he bought the anywhere but home cd for his daughter and was shocked to hear the swearing when it was played in their car.   i don t want any other families to get this  expecting it to be clean. it needs to be removed from the shelves to prevent other children from hearing it   said mr skeens of brownsville. the lawsuit seeks to force wal-mart to censor the music or remove it from its stores in maryland. it also seeks damages of up to $74 500 (£38 660) for every customer who bought the cd at maryland wal-marts  and also naming record label wind-up records and distributor bmg entertainment in the legal action.  while wal-mart sets high standards  it would not be possible to eliminate every image  word or topic that an individual might find objectionable   wal-mart spokesman guy whitcomb told the herald-mail of hagerstown.']



['politics', 'tech', 'uk firms  embracing e-commerce  uk firms are embracing internet trading opportunities as never before  e-commerce minister mike o brien says.  a government-commissioned study ranked the uk third in its world index of use of information and communication technology (ict). the report suggests 69% of uk firms are now using broadband and that 30% of micro businesses are trading online. mr o brien said uk businesses were sprinting forward in ict use  but that there were more challenges ahead. the report  carried out independently by consultants booz allen hamilton and hi europe  placed the uk third behind sweden and ireland for business use of ict.  it showed british business brought greater maturity to their ict use  by using broadband in increased numbers  bringing ict into their business plans and using new technologies such as voice activated programmes and desktop video conferences. mr o brien said:  the increase in the proportion of business connected by broadband shows that uk companies are embracing the opportunities that ict can bring.  it is particularly encouraging to see that small businesses are beginning to narrow the digital divide that appeared to have opened up in recent years.  the government would play its part in  cultivating an environment where information and communication technologies can flourish   mr o brien said. the  clear message  the report sends is that effective use of ict can bring real improvements in business performance for all business.   however  we are not at the finishing line yet and many challenges remain if the uk is to reach its aim of becoming a world-leading e-economy   he added. the international benchmarking study was based on 8 000 telephone interviews with businesses  of which more than 2 700 were uk businesses. it is the eighth in a series of examining the adoption and deployment of ict in the world s most industrialised nations.']



['sport', 'business', 'ferdinand casts doubt over glazer rio ferdinand has said he is unsure of malcolm glazer s motives after the american billionaire launched a new offer to buy manchester united.  the club have confirmed that the glazer family partnership have submitted proposals of a third bid.  a lot of people want the club s interest to be with people who have grown up with the club and have got its interests at heart   said ferdinand.  no one knows what this guy will be bringing to the table.  the central defender added on bbc radio five live:  we will have to wait and see what glazer comes with.  i would like to see the situation resolved either way.  i think people are getting bored with him coming in and out of the news with new proposals.  the other stuff off the pitch takes the shine off what is going on the pitch.   glazer  currently owns a 28.1% stake in the club  and united s statement to the stock exchange said:  the board has noted the recent press speculation on this subject.  the board can confirm that it has now received a detailed proposal subject to various pre-conditions which may form the basis of an offer for manchester united from glazer.  a further announcement will be made in due course.  glazer s previous bids for the club  which united supporters opposed  were rejected by the board because of the high level of debt they would incur. but it is believed that glazer has substantially reduced the borrowing required for his latest move. he will still need the approval of major shareholders john magnier and jp mcmanus  who own 28.9% of the club to succeed. but the irish duo have cut off talks with glazer over the proposed sale of their stake  while fans remain opposed to his involvement.']



['tech', 'politics', 'iran jails blogger for 14 years an iranian weblogger has been jailed for 14 years on charges of spying and aiding foreign counter-revolutionaries.  arash sigarchi was arrested last month after using his blog to criticise the arrest of other online journalists. mr sigarchi  who also edits a newspaper in northern iran  was sentenced by a revolutionary court in the gilan area. his sentence  criticised by human rights watchdog reporters without borders  comes a day after an online  day of action  to secure his release. iranian authorities have recently clamped down on the growing popularity of weblogs  restricting access to major blogging sites from within iran. a second iranian blogger  motjaba saminejad  who also used his website to report on bloggers  arrests  is still being held.  a spokesman for reporters without borders  which tracks press freedom across the globe  described mr sigarchi s sentence as  harsh  and called on iranian president mohammed khatami to work to secure his immediate release.  the authorities are trying to make an example of him   the organisation said in a statement.   by handing down this harsh sentence against a weblogger  their aim is to dissuade journalists and internet-users from expressing themselves online or contacting foreign media.  in the days before his arrest mr sigarchi gave interviews to the bbc persian service and the us-funded radio farda. iranian authorities have arrested about 20 online journalists during the current crackdown. they accused mr sigarchi of a string of crimes against iranian state  including espionage  insulting the founder of iran s islamic republic  ayatollah ruhollah khomenei  and current supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei. mr sigarchi s lawyer labelled the revolutionary court  illegal and incompetent  and called for a retrial in a public court.  mr sigarchi was sentenced one day after an online campaign highlighted his case in a day of action in defence of bloggers around the world.  the committee to protect bloggers designated 22 february 2005 as free mojtaba and arash day. around 10 000 people visited the campaign s website during the day. about 12% of users were based in iran  the campaign s director told the bbc news website. curt hopkins said mr sigarchi s sentence would not dent the resolve of bloggers joining the campaign to help highlight the case.  the eyes of 8 million bloggers are going to be more focused on iran since sigarchi s sentence  not less.  the mullahs won t be able to make a move without it be spread across the blogosphere.']



['entertainment', 'politics', 'muslim group attacks tv drama 24 a british muslim group has criticised the new series of us drama 24  which is about to be aired on sky one  claiming it portrays islam unfairly.  the muslim council of britain has complained to broadcasting watchdog ofcom. it says the programme breaches editorial guidelines. the group s members met with sky executives on tuesday after viewing previews of the first five episodes. the drama  now in its fourth series  begins on sunday evening. the new series portrays a muslim family as a sleeper terrorist cell. the muslim council of britain said in a statement:  we are greatly concerned by the unremittingly hostile and unbalanced portrayal of muslims in this series of 24 based upon a preview of the first five episodes that we have seen.   there is not a single positive muslim character in the storyline to date. at a time when negative stereotypes of muslims are on the increase we feel that sky - as a major uk broadcaster - has a responsibility to challenge these insidious views  not help to reinforce them.  but sky denied the programme breached broadcasting guidelines. a spokesperson said:  during a useful meeting yesterday  sky listened to the concerns raised by representatives of the council. sky does not believe that the episodes that it has reviewed to date breach ofcom s programme code.  fox tv  which shows the series in the us  is broadcasting public service announcements showing muslims in a positive light after complaints about the series.']



['business', 'politics', 'ban on forced retirement under 65 employers will no longer be able to force workers to retire before 65  unless they can justify it.  the government has announced that firms will be barred from 2006 from imposing arbitrary retirement ages. under new european age discrimination rules  a default retirement age of 65 will be introduced. workers will be permitted to request staying on beyond this compulsory retirement age  although employers will have the right to refuse. trade and industry secretary patricia hewitt said people would not be forced to work longer than they wanted  saying the default age was not a statutory  compulsory retirement age. she said employers would be free to continue employing people for as long as they were competent.  under age discrimination proposals from the department of trade and industry last year workers were to be allowed to work on till 70 if they wished.  business leaders had opposed the plan as they said it would be too costly and cumbersome. the british chambers of commerce welcomed the latest proposal.  this move today is the best of both worlds   it said.  employers have the ability to define the end point of the employer-employee relationship and employees have flexibility with a right to request to work past the age of 65.  but age concern said imposing a retirement age of 65 was  cowardly  and a  complete u-turn .  this makes a mockery of the government s so-called commitment to outlawing ageism  leaving the incoming age discrimination law to unravel   said gordon lishman  director general of age concern england .  it is now inevitable that older people will mount legal challenges to the decision using european law.  the decision will have no impact on the age at which workers can collect their state pension  the government has said.']



